Breakout functions2 (#52)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/07-plot.md

of the figures by default, and only on the left and bottom sides of
the axes.

So far, everything we have wanted to do we could call directly from 
the pyplot module with `plt.`. As you do more and more customization
you may need to run some methods on plotting objects themselves. To use the 
method that changes the direction of the ticks we need an `axes` object.
So far, Matplotlib has implicitly created our `axes` object on the fly when we called `plt.plot`.
To explicitly create an `axes` object we can first create our `figure` object and then add an `axes` object
to it.
~~~
fig = plt.figure(figsize=(10,2.5))
ax = fig.add_subplot(1,1,1)
~~~
{.language python}
> Confusingly, in Matplotlib the objects `subplot` and `axes` are often be used interchangeably. 

> > This is because a `subplot` is an `axes` object with additional methods and attributes. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is true. subplot is a Figure object that returns a Axes object.  Do you mean to say, 

This is because `subplot` generates an `axes` object...

Reviewer: or subplot is a Figure method? Regardless, updated to a more accurate portrayal.

Author: I wrote this based on  the fact that add_subplot returns a [axes.SubplotBase](https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.axes.SubplotBase.html#matplotlib.axes.SubplotBase) object which says "Base class for subplots, which are Axes instances with additional methods to facilitate generating and manipulating a set of Axes within a figure."

> > This is because a `subplot` is an `axes` object with additional methods and attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is because `subplot` generates and returns an `axes` object with additional methods and attributes. 
```

{: .callout}
You can use the [`add_subplot`](https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/figure_api.html#matplotlib.figure.Figure.add_subplot) method to add more than one `axes` object to a figure as we will see in a minute. 
For this reason you have to specify the total number of columns, total number of rows, and which plot number you are
creating i.e. `fig.add_subplot(ncols, nrows, pltnum)`. The plot number starts in the upper left corner and goes left to
right and then top to bottom. In the example above we have one column, one row, and we're plotting into the first plot space.

Now we are ready to change the direction of the ticks to the inside of the axes using our new

> axes object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`axes` object.
```

If you want to permanently change a setting for every plot you make, you can set that in your matplotlibrc file. 
To find out where your matplotlibrc file lives type:
~~~
import matplotlib as mpl

> matplotlib.matplotlib_fname()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mpl.matplotlib_fname()
```

is, you can run the following command:

~~~
mpl.get_configdir()
~~~
{: .language-python}

## Multiple panels

So far we've been working with one figure at a time, but the figure we
are replicating contains multiple panels. We will create each of these 

> panels as a different subplot (recall this is an `axes` object with even more properties). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
panels as a different subplot (recall this will return an `axes` object with even more properties). 
```
